windowscross: set GOOS=windows by default (#622)
Azure/dalec: website/docs/targets.md

```

For more details on how Artifacts are structured and configured, see the [Artifacts](artifacts.md) documentation.

## Special considerations

### Windows

When using the `windowscross` target you will need to make sure that binaries use the `.exe` extension.

```yaml
build:
  steps:
    - command: |
        go build -o _output/bin/dalec_example.exe
```

You can use the built-in `TARGETOS` build-arg to determine if the build is targeting Windows or not.

> Alaternatively you can use the built-in `DALEC_TARGET` build-arg to determine the target being built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can use the built-in `DALEC_TARGET` build-arg to determine the target being built.
```

Author: Fixed.

```yaml
build:
  env:
    TARGETOS: ${TARGETOS}
  steps:
    - command: |
        if [ "$TARGETOS" = "windows" ]; then
          go build -o _output/bin/dalec_example.exe
        else
          go build -o _output/bin/dalec_example
        fi
```

```yaml
build:
  env:
    DALEC_TARGET: ${DALEC_TARGET}
  steps:
    - command: |
        if [ "$DALEC_TARGET" = "windowscross" ]; then
          go build -o _output/bin/dalec_example.exe
        else
          go build -o _output/bin/dalec_example
        fi
```

Since `windowscross` is intended for cross-compilation, the environment has the
following env vars set by default:

- `GOOS=windows` - ensures that by default `go build` produces a Windows binary

> Theis can be overriden in your spec by either setting them in the `env` section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be overridden in your spec by either setting them in the `env` section
```

Author: Fixed.
